Overview
--------

The Wireless Solar Management System (WSMS) examples can be used to demonstrate
IPv6-based mesh networks using TI's SimpleLink Connectivity devices.

The ipv6base and ipv6node examples are a pair of applications demonstrating a
basic CoAP client-server model on WSMS. The ipv6base example is configured to
work as a Network Co-Processor, and acts as the CoAP client, while the ipv6node
is a standalone embedded application acting as a server. 

WSMS is optimized for networks of 50 nodes or fewer. For larger networks, consider
using TI Wi-SUN FAN Stack. If using WSMS with larger network there is a risk of
network congestion and long data latency.

WSMS is optimized for networks with few hops (no more than 4 hops). For networks
with more required hops, the recommendation is to se TI Wi-SUN FAN instead. 

6LoWPAN, RPL, IPv6, ICMPv6 and UDP layers have been adapted from
`ARM mbed-os nanostack`_. You can find documentation about all these layers in
the TI Wi-SUN FAN Stack User's Guide.


WSMS vs TI Wi-SUN FAN Stack
---------------------------

The Wireless Solar Management System (WSMS) is similar to TI Wi-SUN FAN Stack in
that 6LoWPAN, RPL, IPv6, ICMPv6 and UDP layers have been adapted from
`ARM mbed-os nanostack`_. However WSMS does not adhere to the Wi-SUN FAN spec
and can not be certified with the Wi-SUN Alliance.

Here are a list of featured that are enabled in WSMS:

* Rapid join: In WSMS examples timers are optimized for rapid join times. This
  may affect data latency in particular for networks of more than 50 nodes.
* Low latency Multicast Protocol: Multicast frames are optimized for lowest
  possible latency. In most cases, multicast frame latency average in the order
  of milliseconds. If a large number of multicast messages is sent, this might
  cause a "multicast storm", i.e. the network is flooded by multicast messages.
  There is a highers risk of this happening the more hops in the network, and
  the more multicast messages are sent.
* Disconnect detection time is set to 300 s

You can find a more detailed description of these features in the TI Wi-SUN FAN
Stack User's Guide. Please note that it's not possible to disable these features
in WSMS.